Ha, I can promise to bet with you.
Please listen to the book you have to answer
I am satisfied.
Admit it
I'm not short of money
If we want to bet, let's bet the real thing
The price of the subscription certificate in my hand is about
Is at 60 million
In my current trend
Will be higher
If Wang Shao really wants to gamble
Take out your land in Yang Village, South of the city
Rural land
Are you crazy?
Our family's land in Yangcun is at least 120 million
Isn't the emperor very confident?
How can you be afraid?
Oh, if you really don't do it, forget it
Wait, blame me for agreeing.
You said I should call my dad
Thank you, sir.
Dear, I can agree to your request.
For the first time, my dad has sent someone on the way to deliver it
But before that
We're not familiar with each other.
Otherwise I can't be a soul
Hahaha, well said.
You must pay for it.